Solve Boost UI issue (#2605)
acterglobal/a3: .changes/2605-boost-loading-error-ui.md

> - [Fix] - Resolve UI rendering issue on Space Detail and Boost List pages during media reload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Fix] - Resolve Boost List UI rendering issue on Space Detail when Image/video failed to load content.
```
